---
layout: post
title: "Code Labs by - Kami: An evening with Bodyflight & Exquisite Dinner"
slug: code-labs-by-kami
date: "2023-10-18"
og_image: /assets/blogg/bodyflight.jpeg
description: An exciting evening planned by Kami with Bodyflight and an exquisite dinner at Restaurant Farang.
author: Kami Gerami
---

We all gathered with a sense of mystery and excitement, not knowing what Kami
had planned for us. The big reveal? A breathtaking experience at Bodyflight
followed by an exquisite dinner at Restaurant Farang.

![Bodyflight](/assets/blogg/bodyflight.jpeg)

## Bodyflight: A dream of flying

At Bodyflight, we were welcomed by two of the world's leading wind tunnels,
which can generate wind speeds up to 300 km/h! Regardless of your experience
level or physical fitness, you can safely float and fly under the guidance of
certified instructors.

### Preparations

We were advised to wear comfortable clothes and sneakers, as we would put on
flight suits over them.

### Check-in

We arrived 45 minutes before our flight time, filled out liability waivers and
received wristbands, which ensured we would get the right videos and photos from
our flights.

**Pro tip**: Speed up the check-in process by filling out your liability waiver
online before you arrive!

### Briefing

Our flight instructors guided us through the basics of bodyflight and the hand
signals we would use in the tunnel.

### Time to fly

Dressed in our flight gear, which included a flight suit, helmet, goggles and
earplugs, we were ready to take to the skies – or at least the wind tunnel. The
instructors were with us the whole time and ensured a smooth and exciting
experience.

![Farang](/assets/blogg/farang_overview.jpeg)

## Restaurant Farang: A culinary journey

After the thrills at Bodyflight, we continued to Restaurant Farang for a more
down-to-earth but equally exciting experience. The restaurant's philosophy is
based on 'Share Food' – a Southeast Asian concept that transforms food into a
social event.

### About the food

Farang takes no shortcuts to deliver an authentic Southeast Asian experience.
High-quality ingredients, skilled craftsmanship and extensive experience all
contribute to the delicious dishes.

### Open kitchen

The restaurant also has an open kitchen, allowing us to see our meals being
expertly prepared right before our eyes.

## Final thoughts

This time, Kami set the bar incredibly high with Bodyflight and Farang. The
evening was a blend of adrenaline and culinary finesse.

Want to plan the next event too? Click [here](/careers)

Bodyflight gets 5 out of 5 approved pull requests for making us feel like
superheroes, and Farang gets the same for making us feel like culinary
explorers!
